Consolidated user manual updates (Nov 2023) (#79)
conveyal/docs: docs/analysis/regional.mdx

## Starting a regional analysis

To start a regional analysis, first [fetch results for a single origin](/analysis) with the appropriate project, scenario, travel modes, time of day, and other parameters set.

> Once results for a single origin are displayed, the <Button variantColor='green'>Regional analysis <FaPlus /></Button> will be enabled. This button is disabled unless isochrones are displayed; checking single-origin isochrone results is a verification step that helps avoid heavy computation for analyses with invalid settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once results for a single origin are displayed, the <Button variantColor='green'>Regional analysis <FaPlus /></Button> will be enabled. This button is disabled until isochrones are computed and displayed. This is a verification step, avoiding regional analyses that might stall or become unresponsive due to certain invalid combinations of settings.
```
